@subsection example-hints-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--example-hints-xml}
Dumps on stdout an example hints.xml file. Such a file is normally shipped
with the game. It is indeed generated using this command.
@end deffn

@subsection example-rules-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--example-rules-xml}
Dumps on stdout an example options.xml file. Such a file is normally shipped
with the game. It is indeed generated using this command.
@end deffn

@subsection example-style-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--example-style-xml}
Dumps on stdout an example style.xml file. Such a file is normally shipped
with the game. It is indeed generated using this command.
@end deffn

@subsection example-teams-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--example-teams-xml}
Dumps on stdout an example teams.xml file. Such a file is normally shipped
with the game. It is indeed generated using this command.
@end deffn

@subsection list-advanced
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-advanced}
List advanced options which can be used for fine-tuning the game.
@end deffn

@subsection list-aliases
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-aliases}
List the keyword aliases. These are here for convenience.
@end deffn

@subsection list-doc
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-doc}
List documentation-related command line options. These commands allow you to
list all the keywords related to a given domain.
@end deffn

@subsection list-funcs
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-funcs}
List the C-functions which are exported to Guile, thus usable in scripts.
@end deffn

@subsection list-graphics
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-graphics}
List graphics options (resolution, fullscreen...).
@end deffn

@subsection list-hooks
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-hooks}
List user-modifiable hooks.
@end deffn

@subsection list-input
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-input}
List input (AKA controls) related options. Use these to change keyboard,
joystick and mouse settingds.
@end deffn

@subsection list-map
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-map}
List map-related entries, excluding rules.xml, hints.xml and style.xml
entries.
@end deffn

@subsection list-map-hints
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-map-hints}
List 'hints.xml' entries. These parameters enable you to modify the behavior
of the map loader.
@end deffn

@subsection list-map-rules
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-map-rules}
List 'options.xml' entries. These parameters enable you to modify the
gameplay.
@end deffn

@subsection list-map-style
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-map-style}
List 'style.xml' entries. These parameters enable you to modify the aspect of
the game.
@end deffn

@subsection list-map-teams
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-map-teams}
List 'teams.xml' entries. These parameters enable you to specify which teams
should play on the map.
@end deffn

@subsection list-network
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-network}
List network options.
@end deffn

@subsection list-path
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-path}
List parameters which allow you to override the defaults of the game, and
force the game your own file paths and directories.
@end deffn

@subsection list-players
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-players}
List player-related entries, that is to say 'who plays'.
@end deffn

@subsection list-quick
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-quick}
List quick help entries, this includes the GNU standard options and a few
troubleshooting tools.
@end deffn

@subsection list-show
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-show}
List command-line options which begin with '--show-...'. These will display on
the console many internal parameters. Usefull when debugging.
@end deffn

@subsection list-sound
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-sound}
List sound options (volume...).
@end deffn

@subsection list-team-colors
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-team-colors}
List the team colors, there should be 10 of them
@end deffn

@subsection list-weapons
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list-weapons}
List the available weapons.
@end deffn

