@subsection c-gettext
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-gettext}
Calls GNU gettext to convert string in current locale. Note that '_' (plain
underscode) is exported as well, so that code can be written using '_' as a
function.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6-exit
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6-exit}
Wrapper on lw6_exit.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6-get-ret
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6-get-ret}
Wrapper on lw6_get_ret.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6-release
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6-release}
Wrapper on lw6_release.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6-set-ret
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6-set-ret}
Wrapper on lw6_set_ret.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6bot-get-backends
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6bot-get-backends}
Wrapper on lw6bot_get_backends.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6bot-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6bot-new}
Wrapper on lw6bot_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6bot-next-move
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6bot-next-move}
Wrapper on lw6bot_next_move.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-defaults
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-defaults}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_defaults.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-get-option
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-get-option}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_get_option.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-init
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-init}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_init.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-load
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-load}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_load.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-option-exists
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-option-exists}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_option_exists.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-quit
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-quit}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_quit.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-save
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-save}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_save.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-set-option
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-set-option}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_set_option.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-unified-get-log-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-unified-get-log-file}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_unified_get_log_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-unified-get-map-path
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-unified-get-map-path}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_unified_get_map_path.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-unified-get-music-path
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-unified-get-music-path}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_unified_get_music_path.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cfg-unified-get-user-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cfg-unified-get-user-dir}
Wrapper on lw6cfg_unified_get_user_dir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cli-get-backends
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cli-get-backends}
Wrapper on lw6cli_get_backends.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cns-init
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cns-init}
Wrapper on lw6cns_init.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cns-poll
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cns-poll}
Wrapper on lw6cns_poll.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cns-quit
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cns-quit}
Wrapper on lw6cns_quit.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6cns-support
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6cns-support}
Wrapper on lw6cns_support.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-average-fps
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-average-fps}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_average_fps.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-fullscreen-modes
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-fullscreen-modes}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_fullscreen_modes.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-instant-fps
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-instant-fps}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_instant_fps.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-last-frame-rendering-time
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-last-frame-rendering-time}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_last_frame_rendering_time.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-nb-frames
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-nb-frames}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_nb_frames.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-get-video-mode
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-get-video-mode}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_get_video_mode.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-new}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-release
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-release}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_release.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6dsp-update
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6dsp-update}
Wrapper on lw6dsp_update.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gen-create-from-seed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gen-create-from-seed}
Wrapper on lw6gen_create_from_seed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gen-seed-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gen-seed-new}
Wrapper on lw6gen_seed_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gen-seed-normalize
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gen-seed-normalize}
Wrapper on lw6gen_seed_normalize.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gfx-get-backends
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gfx-get-backends}
Wrapper on lw6gfx_get_backends.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-default-look
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-default-look}
Wrapper on lw6gui_default_look.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-input-reset
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-input-reset}
Wrapper on lw6gui_input_reset.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-get-move-pad
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-get-move-pad}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_get_move_pad.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-a
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-a}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_a.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-b
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-b}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_b.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-c
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-c}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_c.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-d
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-d}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_d.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-e
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-e}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_e.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-f
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-button-f}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_button_f.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-down}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_pad_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-left
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-left}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_pad_left.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-right
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-right}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_pad_right.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick1-pop-pad-up}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick1_pop_pad_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-get-move-pad
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-get-move-pad}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_get_move_pad.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-a
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-a}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_a.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-b
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-b}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_b.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-c
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-c}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_c.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-d
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-d}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_d.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-e
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-e}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_e.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-f
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-button-f}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_button_f.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-down}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_pad_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-left
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-left}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_pad_left.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-right
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-right}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_pad_right.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-joystick2-pop-pad-up}
Wrapper on lw6gui_joystick2_pop_pad_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-get-move-pad
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-get-move-pad}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_get_move_pad.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_is_pressed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-down}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_arrow_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-left
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-left}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_arrow_left.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-right
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-right}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_arrow_right.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-arrow-up}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_arrow_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-alt
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-alt}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_alt.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-ctrl
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-ctrl}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_ctrl.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-enter
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-enter}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_enter.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-esc
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-esc}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_esc.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-pgdown
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-pgdown}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_pgdown.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-pgup
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-keyboard-pop-key-pgup}
Wrapper on lw6gui_keyboard_pop_key_pgup.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-look-get
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-look-get}
Wrapper on lw6gui_look_get.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-look-set
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-look-set}
Wrapper on lw6gui_look_set.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-look-zoom-in
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-look-zoom-in}
Wrapper on lw6gui_look_zoom_in.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-look-zoom-out
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-look-zoom-out}
Wrapper on lw6gui_look_zoom_out.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-append
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-append}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_append.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-close-popup
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-close-popup}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_close_popup.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-enable-esc
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-enable-esc}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_enable_esc.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-has-popup
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-has-popup}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_has_popup.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-new}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-scroll-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-scroll-down}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_scroll_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-scroll-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-scroll-up}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_scroll_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-select
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-select}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_select.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-select-esc
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-select-esc}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_select_esc.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-set-breadcrumbs
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-set-breadcrumbs}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_set_breadcrumbs.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-menu-sync
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-menu-sync}
Wrapper on lw6gui_menu_sync.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-get-state
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-get-state}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_get_state.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-poll-move
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-poll-move}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_poll_move.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-left
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-left}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_button_left.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-middle
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-middle}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_button_middle.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-right
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-button-right}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_button_right.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-double-click
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-double-click}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_double_click.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-simple-click
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-simple-click}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_simple_click.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-triple-click
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-triple-click}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_triple_click.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-wheel-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-wheel-down}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_wheel_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-wheel-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6gui-mouse-pop-wheel-up}
Wrapper on lw6gui_mouse_pop_wheel_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-about
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-about}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_about.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-get-default-value
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-get-default-value}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_get_default_value.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-advanced
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-advanced}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_advanced.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-aliases
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-aliases}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_aliases.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-doc
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-doc}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_doc.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-funcs
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-funcs}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_funcs.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-graphics
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-graphics}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_graphics.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-hooks
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-hooks}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_hooks.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-input
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-input}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_input.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-map
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-map}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_map.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-map-hints
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-map-hints}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_map_hints.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-map-rules
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-map-rules}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_map_rules.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-map-style
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-map-style}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_map_style.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-map-teams
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-map-teams}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_map_teams.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-network
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-network}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_network.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-path
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-path}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_path.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-players
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-players}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_players.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-quick
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-quick}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_quick.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-show
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-show}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_show.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-sound
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-sound}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_sound.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-team-colors
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-team-colors}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_team_colors.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6hlp-list-weapons
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6hlp-list-weapons}
Wrapper on lw6hlp_list_weapons.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6img-screenshot
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6img-screenshot}
Wrapper on lw6img_screenshot.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-add-cursor
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-add-cursor}
Wrapper on lw6ker_add_cursor.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-build-game-state
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-build-game-state}
Wrapper on lw6ker_build_game_state.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-build-game-struct
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-build-game-struct}
Wrapper on lw6ker_build_game_struct.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-cursor-exists
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-cursor-exists}
Wrapper on lw6ker_cursor_exists.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-did-cursor-win
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-did-cursor-win}
Wrapper on lw6ker_did_cursor_win.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-do-round
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-do-round}
Wrapper on lw6ker_do_round.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-dup-game-state
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-dup-game-state}
Wrapper on lw6ker_dup_game_state.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-game-state-checksum
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-game-state-checksum}
Wrapper on lw6ker_game_state_checksum.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-game-struct-checksum
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-game-struct-checksum}
Wrapper on lw6ker_game_struct_checksum.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-cursor
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-cursor}
Wrapper on lw6ker_get_cursor.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-moves
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-moves}
Wrapper on lw6ker_get_moves.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-nb-colors
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-nb-colors}
Wrapper on lw6ker_game_state_get_nb_colors.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-nb-cursors
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-nb-cursors}
Wrapper on lw6ker_game_state_get_nb_cursors.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-nb-nodes
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-nb-nodes}
Wrapper on lw6ker_game_state_get_nb_nodes.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-rounds
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-rounds}
Wrapper on lw6ker_get_rounds.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-get-spreads
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-get-spreads}
Wrapper on lw6ker_get_spreads.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-is-over
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-is-over}
Wrapper on lw6ker_is_over.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-node-exists
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-node-exists}
Wrapper on lw6ker_node_exists.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-register-node
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-register-node}
Wrapper on lw6ker_register_node.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-remove-cursor
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-remove-cursor}
Wrapper on lw6ker_remove_cursor.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-set-cursor
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-set-cursor}
Wrapper on lw6ker_set_cursor.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-sync-game-state
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-sync-game-state}
Wrapper on lw6ker_sync_game_state.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ker-unregister-node
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ker-unregister-node}
Wrapper on lw6ker_unregister_node.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-chain-entry
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-chain-entry}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_chain_entry.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-exp-validate
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-exp-validate}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_exp_validate.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-get-entries
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-get-entries}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_get_entries.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-hints-get-default
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-hints-get-default}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_hints_get_default.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-print-examples
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-print-examples}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_print_examples.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-read
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-read}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_read.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6ldr-read-relative
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6ldr-read-relative}
Wrapper on lw6ldr_read_relative.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-exp-get-unlocked-team-color
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-exp-get-unlocked-team-color}
Wrapper on lw6map_exp_get_unlocked_team_color.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-exp-get-unlocked-weapon
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-exp-get-unlocked-weapon}
Wrapper on lw6map_exp_get_unlocked_weapon.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-exp-is-team-color-allowed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-exp-is-team-color-allowed}
Wrapper on lw6map_exp_is_team_color_allowed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-exp-is-weapon-allowed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-exp-is-weapon-allowed}
Wrapper on lw6map_exp_is_weapon_allowed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-look
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-look}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_look.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-max-nb-colors
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-max-nb-colors}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_max_nb_colors.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-max-nb-cursors
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-max-nb-cursors}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_max_nb_cursors.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-max-nb-nodes
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-max-nb-nodes}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_max_nb_nodes.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-music-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-music-dir}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_music_dir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-get-title
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-get-title}
Wrapper on lw6map_get_title.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-param-get
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-param-get}
Wrapper on lw6map_param_get.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-rules-get-default
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-rules-get-default}
Wrapper on lw6map_rules_get_default.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-rules-get-int
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-rules-get-int}
Wrapper on lw6map_rules_get_int.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-rules-get-max
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-rules-get-max}
Wrapper on lw6map_rules_get_max.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-rules-get-min
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-rules-get-min}
Wrapper on lw6map_rules_get_min.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-style-get-default
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-style-get-default}
Wrapper on lw6map_style_get_default.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-team-color-index-to-key
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-team-color-index-to-key}
Wrapper on lw6map_team_color_index_to_key.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-team-color-index-to-label
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-team-color-index-to-label}
Wrapper on lw6map_team_color_index_to_label.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-team-color-key-to-index
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-team-color-key-to-index}
Wrapper on lw6map_team_color_key_to_index.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-team-color-list
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-team-color-list}
Wrapper on lw6map_team_color_list.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-teams-get-default
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-teams-get-default}
Wrapper on lw6map_teams_get_default.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-weapon-index-to-key
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-weapon-index-to-key}
Wrapper on lw6map_weapon_index_to_key.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-weapon-index-to-label
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-weapon-index-to-label}
Wrapper on lw6map_weapon_index_to_label.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-weapon-key-to-index
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-weapon-key-to-index}
Wrapper on lw6map_weapon_key_to_index.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6map-weapon-list
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6map-weapon-list}
Wrapper on lw6map_weapon_list.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6net-init
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6net-init}
Wrapper on lw6net_init.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6net-quit
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6net-quit}
Wrapper on lw6net_quit.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-db-default-name
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-db-default-name}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_db_default_name.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-db-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-db-new}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_db_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-db-reset
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-db-reset}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_db_reset.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-calibrate
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-calibrate}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_calibrate.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-client-join
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-client-join}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_client_join.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-close
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-close}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_close.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-disconnect
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-disconnect}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_disconnect.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-entries
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-entries}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_entries.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-id
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-id}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_id.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-local-seq-0
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-local-seq-0}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_local_seq_0.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-local-seq-last
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-local-seq-last}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_local_seq_last.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-next-draft-msg
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-next-draft-msg}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_next_draft_msg.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-next-reference-msg
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-next-reference-msg}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_next_reference_msg.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-draft
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-draft}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_seq_draft.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-max
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-max}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_seq_max.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-min
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-min}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_seq_min.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-reference
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-get-seq-reference}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_get_seq_reference.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-is-dump-needed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-is-dump-needed}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_is_dump_needed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-is-peer-connected
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-is-peer-connected}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_is_peer_connected.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-is-peer-registered
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-is-peer-registered}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_is_peer_registered.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-is-seed-needed
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-is-seed-needed}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_is_seed_needed.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-new}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-poll
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-poll}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_poll.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-put-local-msg
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-put-local-msg}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_put_local_msg.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-server-start
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-server-start}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_server_start.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6p2p-node-update-info
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6p2p-node-update-info}
Wrapper on lw6p2p_node_update_info.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-bench
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-bench}
Wrapper on lw6pil_bench.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-build-pilot
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-build-pilot}
Wrapper on lw6pil_build_pilot.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-calibrate
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-calibrate}
Wrapper on lw6pil_calibrate.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-commit
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-commit}
Wrapper on lw6pil_commit.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-did-cursor-win
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-did-cursor-win}
Wrapper on lw6pil_did_cursor_win.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-dump-command-generate
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-dump-command-generate}
Wrapper on lw6pil_dump_command_generate.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-execute-command
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-execute-command}
Wrapper on lw6pil_execute_command.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-fix-coords
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-fix-coords}
Wrapper on lw6pil_coords_fix.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-fix-coords-x10
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-fix-coords-x10}
Wrapper on lw6pil_coords_fix_x10.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-last-commit-seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-last-commit-seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_last_commit_seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-looser
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-looser}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_looser.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-max-seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-max-seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_max_seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-next-seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-next-seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_next_seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-reference-current-seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-reference-current-seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_reference_current_seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-reference-target-seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-reference-target-seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_reference_target_seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-round-0
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-round-0}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_round_0.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-seq-0
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-seq-0}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_seq_0.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-get-winner
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-get-winner}
Wrapper on lw6pil_get_winner.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-is-over
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-is-over}
Wrapper on lw6pil_is_over.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-local-command
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-local-command}
Wrapper on lw6pil_local_command.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-local-cursors-set-main
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-local-cursors-set-main}
Wrapper on lw6pil_local_cursors_set_main.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-local-cursors-set-mouse-controlled
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-local-cursors-set-mouse-controlled}
Wrapper on lw6pil_local_cursors_set_mouse_controlled.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-make-backup
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-make-backup}
Wrapper on lw6pil_make_backup.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-poll-dump
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-poll-dump}
Wrapper on lw6pil_poll_dump.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-round2seq
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-round2seq}
Wrapper on lw6pil_round2seq.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-seed-command-generate
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-seed-command-generate}
Wrapper on lw6pil_seed_command_generate.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-send-command
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-send-command}
Wrapper on lw6pil_send_command.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-seq-random-0
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-seq-random-0}
Wrapper on lw6pil_seq_random_0.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-seq2round
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-seq2round}
Wrapper on lw6pil_seq2round.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-slow-down
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-slow-down}
Wrapper on lw6pil_slow_down.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-speed-up
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-speed-up}
Wrapper on lw6pil_speed_up.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-get-checkpoint
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-get-checkpoint}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_get_checkpoint.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-get-commands-by-node-index
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-get-commands-by-node-index}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_get_command_by_node_index, returns the list of all
steps.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-get-commands-by-stage
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-get-commands-by-stage}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_get_command_by_stage, returns the list of all steps.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-get-node-id
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-get-node-id}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_get_node_id.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-get-seq-0
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-get-seq-0}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_get_seq_0.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-suite-init
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-suite-init}
Wrapper on lw6pil_suite_init.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-sync-from-backup
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-sync-from-backup}
Wrapper on lw6pil_sync_from_backup.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-sync-from-draft
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-sync-from-draft}
Wrapper on lw6pil_sync_from_draft.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6pil-sync-from-reference
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6pil-sync-from-reference}
Wrapper on lw6pil_sync_from_reference.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-get-backends
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-get-backends}
Wrapper on lw6snd_get_backends.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-is-music-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-is-music-file}
Wrapper on lw6snd_is_music_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-new
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-new}
Wrapper on lw6snd_new.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-play-fx
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-play-fx}
Wrapper on lw6snd_play_fx.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-play-music-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-play-music-file}
Wrapper on lw6snd_play_music_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-play-music-random
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-play-music-random}
Wrapper on lw6snd_play_music_random.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-poll
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-poll}
Wrapper on lw6snd_poll.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-release
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-release}
Wrapper on lw6snd_release.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-set-fx-volume
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-set-fx-volume}
Wrapper on lw6snd_set_fx_volume.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-set-music-volume
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-set-music-volume}
Wrapper on lw6snd_set_music_volume.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-set-water-volume
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-set-water-volume}
Wrapper on lw6snd_set_water_volume.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6snd-stop-music
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6snd-stop-music}
Wrapper on lw6snd_stop_music.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6srv-get-backends
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6srv-get-backends}
Wrapper on lw6srv_get_backends.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-abs-srcdir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-abs-srcdir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_abs_srcdir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-bin-id
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-bin-id}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_bin_id.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-bugs-url
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-bugs-url}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_bugs_url.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-cflags
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-cflags}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_cflags.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-codename
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-codename}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_codename.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-configure-args
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-configure-args}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_configure_args.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-copyright
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-copyright}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_copyright.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-datadir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-datadir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_datadir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-date
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-date}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_date.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-docdir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-docdir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_docdir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-allinone
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-allinone}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_allinone.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-console
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-console}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_console.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-fullstatic
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-fullstatic}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_fullstatic.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gcov
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gcov}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_gcov.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gprof
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gprof}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_gprof.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gtk
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-gtk}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_gtk.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-instrument
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-instrument}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_instrument.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-caca
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-caca}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_caca.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-csound
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-csound}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_csound.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-gl1
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-gl1}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_gl1.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-gles2
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-gles2}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_gles2.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-http
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-http}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_http.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-ogg
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-ogg}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_ogg.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-soft
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-mod-soft}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_mod_soft.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-openmp
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-openmp}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_openmp.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-optimize
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-optimize}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_optimize.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-paranoid
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-paranoid}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_paranoid.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-profiler
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-profiler}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_profiler.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-valgrind
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-enable-valgrind}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_enable_valgrind.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-endianness
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-endianness}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_endianness.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-gcc-version
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-gcc-version}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_gcc_version.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-home-url
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-home-url}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_home_url.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-host-cpu
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-host-cpu}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_host_cpu.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-host-os
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-host-os}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_host_os.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-hostname
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-hostname}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_hostname.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-includedir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-includedir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_includedir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-ldflags
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-ldflags}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_ldflags.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-libdir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-libdir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_libdir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-license
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-license}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_license.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-localedir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-localedir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_localedir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-md5sum
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-md5sum}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_md5sum.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-package-id
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-package-id}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_package_id.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-package-name
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-package-name}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_package_name.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-package-string
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-package-string}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_package_string.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-package-tarname
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-package-tarname}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_package_tarname.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-pointer-size
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-pointer-size}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_pointer_size.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-prefix
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-prefix}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_prefix.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-stamp
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-stamp}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_stamp.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-time
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-time}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_time.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-top-srcdir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-top-srcdir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_top_srcdir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-get-version
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-get-version}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_get_version.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-gnu
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-gnu}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_gnu.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-gp2x
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-gp2x}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_gp2x.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-mac-os-x
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-mac-os-x}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_mac_os_x.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-ms-windows
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-ms-windows}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_ms_windows.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-unix
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-unix}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_unix.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-build-is-x86
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-build-is-x86}
Wrapper on lw6sys_build_is_x86.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-debug-get
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-debug-get}
Wrapper on lw6sys_debug_get.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-debug-set
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-debug-set}
Wrapper on lw6sys_debug_set.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-delay
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-delay}
Wrapper on lw6sys_delay.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-dump
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-dump}
Wrapper on lw6sys_dump.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-dump-clear
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-dump-clear}
Wrapper on lw6sys_dump_clear.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-generate-id-16
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-generate-id-16}
Wrapper on lw6sys_generate_id_16.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-generate-id-32
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-generate-id-32}
Wrapper on lw6sys_generate_id_32.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-generate-id-64
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-generate-id-64}
Wrapper on lw6sys_generate_id_64.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-config-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-config-file}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_config_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-cwd
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-cwd}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_cwd.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-cycle
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-cycle}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_cycle.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-data-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-data-dir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_data_dir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-config-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-config-file}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_config_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-data-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-data-dir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_data_dir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-log-file
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-log-file}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_log_file.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-map-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-map-dir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_map_dir.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-map-path
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-map-path}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_map_path.
@end deffn

@subsection c-lw6sys-get-default-mod-dir
@deffn {C function exported to Guile} @code{c-lw6sys-get-default-mod-dir}
Wrapper on lw6sys_get_default_mod_dir.
@end deffn

