

  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6gfx_backend_s}

    
The gfx backend is the first argument passed to any gfx function, it contains reference to all the functions which can be used as well as a pointer on associated data. In OO, this would just be an object, with members and methods, using polymorphism through opaque pointers.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {dl_handle}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6dyn_dl_handle_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6dyn_dl_handle_t* lw6gfx_backend_s::dl_handle}


Handle on dynamic library (if it makes sense).         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {gfx_context}
@strong{Type:} @code{void *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{void* lw6gfx_backend_s::gfx_context}


        
Gfx specific data, what is behind this pointer really depends on the gfx engine.         
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {argc}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6gfx_backend_s::argc}


The argc value passed to main.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {argv}
@strong{Type:} @code{const char **}

@strong{Definition:} @code{const char** lw6gfx_backend_s::argv}


The argv value passed to main.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {id}
@strong{Type:} @code{u_int32_t}

@strong{Definition:} @code{u_int32_t lw6gfx_backend_s::id}


        
The id of the object, this is non-zero and unique within one run session, incremented at each object creation.         
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {init}
@strong{Type:} @code{void *(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{void*(* lw6gfx_backend_s::init)(int argc, const char *argv[], lw6gui_video_mode_t *video_mode, lw6gui_resize_callback_func_t resize_callback)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_init callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {quit}
@strong{Type:} @code{void(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{void(* lw6gfx_backend_s::quit)(void *gfx_context)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_quit callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {repr}
@strong{Type:} @code{char *(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{char*(* lw6gfx_backend_s::repr)(void *gfx_context, u_int32_t id)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_repr callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {set_video_mode}
@strong{Type:} @code{int(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int(* lw6gfx_backend_s::set_video_mode)(void *gfx_context, lw6gui_video_mode_t *video_mode)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_set_video_mode callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {get_video_mode}
@strong{Type:} @code{int(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int(* lw6gfx_backend_s::get_video_mode)(void *gfx_context, lw6gui_video_mode_t *video_mode)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_get_video_mode callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {get_fullscreen_modes}
@strong{Type:} @code{int(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int(* lw6gfx_backend_s::get_fullscreen_modes)(void *gfx_context, lw6gui_fullscreen_modes_t *modes)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_get_fullscreen_modes callback code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {pump_events}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6gui_input_t *(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6gui_input_t*(* lw6gfx_backend_s::pump_events)(void *gfx_context)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_pump_events code.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6gfx_backend_s} {display}
@strong{Type:} @code{int(*}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int(* lw6gfx_backend_s::display)(void *gfx_context, int mask, lw6gui_look_t *look, lw6map_level_t *level, lw6ker_game_struct_t *game_struct, lw6ker_game_state_t *game_state, lw6pil_local_cursors_t *local_cursors, lw6gui_menu_t *menu, float progress, float fps, float mps, char **log_list, int capture, int gfx_debug, int debug_team_id, int debug_layer_id)}


Pointer on lw6gfx_display code.         
        
@end defcv


