@subsection capture
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--capture=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CAPTURE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{capture}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

Enables capture mode, in which a BMP file is dumped on the disk (in your user
directory, search for a 'capture' sub-directory).
@end deffn

@subsection fullscreen
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--fullscreen=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_FULLSCREEN}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{fullscreen}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

Force the game to fun fullscreen. Note that the graphics backend might ignore
this hint.
@end deffn

@subsection gfx-backend
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--gfx-backend=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_GFX_BACKEND}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{gfx-backend}
Type: string

Default value: gl1

Sets the graphics backend AKA 'gfx' to use. For now the only reasonnable
choice is 'gl1' and will use an OpenGL v1  / SDL 3D-accelerated driver.
@end deffn

@subsection gfx-quality
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--gfx-quality=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_GFX_QUALITY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{gfx-quality}
Type: integer

Default value: 1
Min value: 0
Max value: 2

Sets the overall quality of the graphics backend. Depending on the backend,
this can mean different things. For instance for the 'gl' backend, this can
change texture filtering (nearest, linear, bilinear...). This is not the same
as 'pixelize' which is a per-map option and emulates an old school appearance.
@end deffn

@subsection height
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--height=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_HEIGHT}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{height}
Type: integer

Default value: -1

Run the game with the given screen height.Note that the graphics backend might
ignore this hint. Use with its companion option 'width'. A negative value will
force the use of a default value.
@end deffn

@subsection width
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--width=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_WIDTH}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{width}
Type: integer

Default value: -1

Run the game with the given screen width. Note that the graphics backend might
ignore this hint. Use with its companion option 'height'.A negative value will
force the use of a default value.
@end deffn

@subsection windowed-mode-limit
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--windowed-mode-limit=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_WINDOWED_MODE_LIMIT}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{windowed-mode-limit}
Type: float

Default value: 0.95

When switching back from fullscreen mode to windowed mode, if we're in maximum
resolution, then this coefficient will be applied before resizing the window.
The idea is that (obviously) a windowed mode is prefered when a little smaller
that totally fullscreen. So set this to a value just below 1.0.
@end deffn

