@deftypefun {char *} {lw6img_repr} (lw6img_jpeg_t * @var{jpeg})
@var{jpeg}:  the jpeg to describe

Returns a string describing the jepg. This is a very short description,
use it for logs, and to debug stuff. By no means it's a complete exhaustive
description. Still, the string returned should be unique.

@strong{Return value:}  a dynamically allocated string.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6img_jpeg_t *} {lw6img_screenshot_new} (lw6ker_game_state_t * @var{game_state}, char * @var{user_dir}, int @var{quality})
@var{game_state}:  game_state to create a screenshot from

@var{user_dir}:  user directory

@var{quality}:  quality, from 0 to 100

Creates a JPEG screenshot from a game state. The @code{user_dir} parameter
is used to build a file name and then use it
to write data on disk, it is then read and kept in memory.
Globally it's not that bad to store it for we do not generate
screenshots that often, and it's nice for debugging to have it so
developping a RAM-only writer wouldn't make it a blast anyway.

@strong{Return value:}  dynamically allocated object.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6img_screenshot_free} (lw6img_jpeg_t * @var{screenshot})
Frees a JPEG screenshot.

@strong{Return value:}  none.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6img_test_register} (int @var{mode})
@var{mode}:  test mode (bitmask)

Registers all tests for the libimg module.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if test is successfull, 0 on error.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6img_test_run} (int @var{mode})
@var{mode}:  test mode (bitmask)

Runs the @code{img} module test suite, testing most (if not all...)
functions.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if test is successfull, 0 on error.
@end deftypefun

