@subsection auto-release-delay
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--auto-release-delay=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_AUTO_RELEASE_DELAY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{auto-release-delay}
Type: integer

Default value: 250

Time, in milliseconds, before which a key is automatically released. This
might or might not be used by the graphics backend, it's typically used by
backends which don't always handle key releases events the right way, that is,
don't fire them. Libcaca is a good example of such a case.
@end deffn

@subsection click-to-focus
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--click-to-focus=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CLICK_TO_FOCUS}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{click-to-focus}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

If set to true, you'll need to click with the mouse to select a menuitem or
move the cursor in the game. If not, some actions will be taken automatically
without the need to click.
@end deffn

@subsection cursor-sensitivity
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--cursor-sensitivity=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CURSOR_SENSITIVITY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{cursor-sensitivity}
Type: float

Default value: 1.0

Keyboard and joystick sensitivity while moving the cursor. 1.0 is the default,
0.1 is slow, 10 is reponsive. This is used for moving the cursor during the
game only, the option has no impact on menu navigation.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-alt
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-alt=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_ALT}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-alt}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 110) ; SDLK_n

Guile custom code associated to the ALT key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-ctrl
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-ctrl=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_CTRL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-ctrl}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 98) ; SDLK_b

Guile custom code associated to the CTRL key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-down
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-down=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_DOWN}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-down}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 100) ; SDLK_d

Guile custom code associated to the DOWN key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-enter
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-enter=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_ENTER}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-enter}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 103) ; SDLK_g

Guile custom code associated to the ENTER key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-esc
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-esc=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_ESC}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-esc}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 102) ; SDLK_f

Guile custom code associated to the ESC key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-left
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-left=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_LEFT}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-left}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 99) ; SDLK_c

Guile custom code associated to the LEFT key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-pgdown
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-pgdown=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_PGDOWN}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-pgdown}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 115) ; SDLK_s

Guile custom code associated to the PGDOWN key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-pgup
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-pgup=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_PGUP}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-pgup}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 119) ; SDLK_w

Guile custom code associated to the PGUP key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-right
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-right=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_RIGHT}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-right}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 118) ; SDLK_v

Guile custom code associated to the RIGHT key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection custom-up
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--custom-up=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CUSTOM_UP}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{custom-up}
Type: string

Default value: (c-lw6gui-keyboard-is-pressed 101) ; SDLK_e

Custom keycode to be used as the UP key equivalent.
@end deffn

@subsection double-click-delay
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--double-click-delay=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_DOUBLE_CLICK_DELAY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{double-click-delay}
Type: integer

Default value: 333

Time, in milliseconds, determining wether two consecutive clicks make a
double-click or not.
@end deffn

@subsection max-cursor-speed
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--max-cursor-speed=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_MAX_CURSOR_SPEED}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{max-cursor-speed}
Type: float

Default value: 10.0

Maximum cursor speed when cursor is controlled with keyboard or joystick
joystick 1. Consider using cursor-sensitivity too.
@end deffn

@subsection mouse-sensitivity
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--mouse-sensitivity=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_MOUSE_SENSITIVITY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{mouse-sensitivity}
Type: float

Default value: 1.0

Mouse sensitivity, 1.0 is the default, 0.1 is slow, 10 is reponsive. This is
used for moving the cursor during the game only, the option has no impact on
menu navigation.
@end deffn

@subsection repeat-delay
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--repeat-delay=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_REPEAT_DELAY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{repeat-delay}
Type: integer

Default value: 500

Time, in milliseconds, before key repeat will start, use 0 to disable.
@end deffn

@subsection repeat-interval
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--repeat-interval=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_REPEAT_INTERVAL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{repeat-interval}
Type: integer

Default value: 100

Time, in milliseconds, between two repeats, once repeat has started, use 0 to
disable.
@end deffn

@subsection use-double-click
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-double-click=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_DOUBLE_CLICK}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-double-click}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

Wether to use double-click feature, mostly usefull if running on a system that
has only one button (such as a tablet-PC or anything with a tactile screen),
if your mouse has three buttons, disabling this might avoid some confusion.
Basically, if enabled, double-click is equivalent to right-click (fire) and
triple-click is equivalent to middle-click (alternate fire).
@end deffn

@subsection use-esc-button
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-esc-button=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_ESC_BUTTON}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-esc-button}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

Decides wether to display an 'esc' (escape) button in the interface. This is
usefull for people who control the game with the mouse only, and have a single
buttons, or on a touchscreen.
@end deffn

@subsection zoom-step
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--zoom-step=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_ZOOM_STEP}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{zoom-step}
Type: float

Default value: 1.1

A value, strictly greater than 1, which will be used when zooming. The greater
it is, the more sensible the zoom is.
@end deffn

@subsection zoom-stick-delay
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--zoom-stick-delay=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_ZOOM_STICK_DELAY}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{zoom-stick-delay}
Type: float

Default value: 1000

How long, in msec, the zoom will stick to its default value.
@end deffn

