

  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_bot_smob_s}

    
Data for bot smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_bot_smob_s} {c_bot}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6bot_backend_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6bot_backend_t* lw6_bot_smob_s::c_bot}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_bot_smob_s} {game_state}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_bot_smob_s::game_state}


Guile game_state object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_bot_smob_s} {pilot}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_bot_smob_s::pilot}


Guile pilot object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_db_smob_s}

    
Data for db smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_db_smob_s} {c_db}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6p2p_db_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6p2p_db_t* lw6_db_smob_s::c_db}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_dsp_smob_s}

    
Data for dsp smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_dsp_smob_s} {c_dsp}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6dsp_backend_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6dsp_backend_t* lw6_dsp_smob_s::c_dsp}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_dsp_smob_s} {level}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_dsp_smob_s::level}


Guile level object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_dsp_smob_s} {game_struct}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_dsp_smob_s::game_struct}


Guile game_struct object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_dsp_smob_s} {game_state}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_dsp_smob_s::game_state}


Guile game_state object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_dsp_smob_s} {pilot}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_dsp_smob_s::pilot}


Guile pilot object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_game_state_smob_s}

    
Data for game_state smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_game_state_smob_s} {c_game_state}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6ker_game_state_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6ker_game_state_t* lw6_game_state_smob_s::c_game_state}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_game_state_smob_s} {game_struct}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_game_state_smob_s::game_struct}


Guile game_struct object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_game_struct_smob_s}

    
Data for game_struct smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_game_struct_smob_s} {c_game_struct}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6ker_game_struct_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6ker_game_struct_t* lw6_game_struct_smob_s::c_game_struct}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_game_struct_smob_s} {map}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_game_struct_smob_s::map}


Guile map object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_global_s}

    
Global game data. This structure is used to store persistent game state.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {mutex}
@strong{Type:} @code{pthread_mutex_t}

@strong{Definition:} @code{pthread_mutex_t lw6_global_s::mutex}


        
Mutex used to protect some objects when concurrent accesses are done. This is very likely to happen as the game is multithreaded.         
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {cfg_context}
@strong{Type:} @code{void *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{void* lw6_global_s::cfg_context}


Configuration information (config file access).         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {cfg_initialized}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::cfg_initialized}


Wether libcfg has been initialized.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {cns_initialized}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::cns_initialized}


Wether libcns has been initialized.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {net_initialized}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::net_initialized}


Wether libnet has been initialized.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {start_time}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::start_time}


Game state time (in seconds).         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {argc}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::argc}


Argc as passed to main.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {argv}
@strong{Type:} @code{const char **}

@strong{Definition:} @code{const char** lw6_global_s::argv}


Argv as passed to main.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {progress}
@strong{Type:} @code{float}

@strong{Definition:} @code{float lw6_global_s::progress}


Progress indicator used by GUI.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {smob_types}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6_smob_types_t}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6_smob_types_t lw6_global_s::smob_types}


Collection of smob types definitions.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {dsp_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::dsp_smobs}


Assoc with all dsp smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {snd_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::snd_smobs}


Assoc with all snd smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {map_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::map_smobs}


Assoc with all map smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {menu_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::menu_smobs}


Assoc with all menu smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {game_struct_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::game_struct_smobs}


Assoc with all game_struct smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {game_state_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::game_state_smobs}


Assoc with all game_state smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {pilot_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::pilot_smobs}


Assoc with all pilot smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {bot_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::bot_smobs}


Assoc with all bot smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {look_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::look_smobs}


Assoc with all look smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {loader_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::loader_smobs}


Assoc with all loader smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {db_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::db_smobs}


Assoc with all db smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {node_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::node_smobs}


Assoc with all node smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {jpeg_smobs}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_assoc_t* lw6_global_s::jpeg_smobs}


Assoc with all jpeg smobs.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {coverage}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6sys_hash_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6sys_hash_t* lw6_global_s::coverage}


        
Coverage hash, keeps a track of all calls to script functions, this way one can figure out wether a C function exported to script has been called, and how many times.         
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_global_s} {ret}
@strong{Type:} @code{int}

@strong{Definition:} @code{int lw6_global_s::ret}


Return value of the called script.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_jpeg_smob_s}

    
Data for jpeg smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_jpeg_smob_s} {c_jpeg}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6img_jpeg_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6img_jpeg_t* lw6_jpeg_smob_s::c_jpeg}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_loader_smob_s}

    
Data for loader smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_loader_smob_s} {c_loader}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6tsk_loader_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6tsk_loader_t* lw6_loader_smob_s::c_loader}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_look_smob_s}

    
Data for look smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_look_smob_s} {c_look}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6gui_look_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6gui_look_t* lw6_look_smob_s::c_look}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_map_smob_s}

    
Data for map smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_map_smob_s} {c_map}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6map_level_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6map_level_t* lw6_map_smob_s::c_map}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_menu_smob_s}

    
Data for menu smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_menu_smob_s} {c_menu}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6gui_menu_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6gui_menu_t* lw6_menu_smob_s::c_menu}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_node_smob_s}

    
Data for node smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_node_smob_s} {c_node}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6p2p_node_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6p2p_node_t* lw6_node_smob_s::c_node}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_node_smob_s} {db}
@strong{Type:} @code{SCM}

@strong{Definition:} @code{SCM lw6_node_smob_s::db}


Guile db object this smob depends on.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_pilot_smob_s}

    
Data for pilot smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_pilot_smob_s} {c_pilot}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6pil_pilot_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6pil_pilot_t* lw6_pilot_smob_s::c_pilot}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_smob_types_s}

    
List of all available smob types.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {dsp}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::dsp}


Id/key for dsp smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {snd}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::snd}


Id/key for snd smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {map}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::map}


Id/key for map smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {menu}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::menu}


Id/key for menu smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {game_struct}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::game_struct}


Id/key for game_struct smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {game_state}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::game_state}


Id/key for game_state smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {pilot}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::pilot}


Id/key for pilot smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {bot}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::bot}


Id/key for bot smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {look}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::look}


Id/key for look smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {loader}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::loader}


Id/key for loader smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {db}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::db}


Id/key for db smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {node}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::node}


Id/key for node smob type.         
        
@end defcv

@defcv {Member} {lw6_smob_types_s} {jpeg}
@strong{Type:} @code{scm_t_bits}

@strong{Definition:} @code{scm_t_bits lw6_smob_types_s::jpeg}


Id/key for jpeg smob type.         
        
@end defcv



  
@deftp {Struct} {lw6_snd_smob_s}

    
Data for snd smob.     
@end deftp

@defcv {Member} {lw6_snd_smob_s} {c_snd}
@strong{Type:} @code{lw6snd_backend_t *}

@strong{Definition:} @code{lw6snd_backend_t* lw6_snd_smob_s::c_snd}


C object this smob refers to.         
        
@end defcv


