@subsection chosen-map
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--chosen-map=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_CHOSEN_MAP}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{chosen-map}
Type: string

Default value: subflower

The last map chosen by the player, locally. This is the map which will be used
for a quick-start game, a local game, or a game started as a server.
@end deffn

@subsection force
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--force=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_FORCE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{force}
Type: string

Default value: respawn-team,color-conflict-mode

A comma separated list of options which should be ignored when reading map XML
files. For instance, if this contains 'rounds-per-sec,moves-per-round' then
whatever values were defined for this in 'rules.xml', then game will ignore
them and use the user's values, stored in 'config.xml', running the game at
the requested speed. This ultimately allows the player to control everything
despite the values set by the map designer.
@end deffn

@subsection use-cursor-texture
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-cursor-texture=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_CURSOR_TEXTURE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-cursor-texture}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

Defines wether the cursor textures should be used. If unset, then the default
builtin cursor texture will be used instead of the map specific one.
@end deffn

@subsection use-hints-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-hints-xml=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_HINTS_XML}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-hints-xml}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

If set, then hints will be picked up from the map defined hints.xml, if it
exists. This is the default.
@end deffn

@subsection use-music-file
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-music-file=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_MUSIC_FILE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-music-file}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

If set, then the program will use the 'music-file' attribute to choose the
music to play. If unset, then a random builtin music will be picked up,
regardless of what is specified in 'music-file'.
@end deffn

@subsection use-rules-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-rules-xml=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_RULES_XML}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-rules-xml}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

If set, then rules will be picked up from the map defined rules.xml, if it
exists. This is the default. Use force-time and force-size to override this
and use user-defined values anyway.
@end deffn

@subsection use-style-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-style-xml=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_STYLE_XML}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-style-xml}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

If set, then style will be picked up from the map defined style.xml, if it
exists. This is the default. Use force-time and force-background to override
this and use user-defined values anyway.
@end deffn

@subsection use-teams-xml
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-teams-xml=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_TEAMS_XML}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-teams-xml}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

If set, then teams will be picked up from the map defined teams.xml, if it
exists. This is the default. Use force-time and force-background to override
this and use user-defined values anyway.
@end deffn

@subsection use-texture
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--use-texture=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_USE_TEXTURE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{use-texture}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

Defines wether the map texture should be used. Of course if there's no map
texture, the texture... won't be used. But if there is one, this parameter
will force the game to ignore it and play with solid colors. This probably
won't look as nice as the textured map in most cases, but some players might
find it more readable and confortable to play when throwing eye candy away.
@end deffn

