@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_add} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{id}, const char * @var{url})
@var{info}:  node info object to modify

@var{id}:  ID of the new member

@var{url}:  URL of the new member, can be NULL

Adds a new member to the community.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if new member could be added, 0 if not.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_is_member} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{id}, const char * @var{url})
@var{info}:  node info object to test

@var{id}:  ID of the member we want to check

@var{url}:  URL of the member we want to check

Tells wether a member is already in the community. Note that if there's
a member with the same URL but with a different ID, or a member with the
same ID but a different URL, the function will fail, we need URLs and IDs
to both be different for the peer to be added. Not respecting this would
lead to confusion, while sharing an ID is conceivable over the whole
network, it can't be tolerated within a community. Same for the URL.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if new member could be added, 0 if not.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_has_id} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{id})
@var{info}:  node info object to test

@var{id}:  ID of the member we want to check

Tells wether a member exists with this ID. Will test both
ourselves and remote peers.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if ID is already taken, 0 if available.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_has_id_without_url} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{id})
@var{info}:  node info object to test

@var{id}:  ID of the member we want to check

Tells wether a member exists with this ID, but for which we
don't know the URL, that is, url is NULL.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if ID is already taken and has NULL url, 0 else.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_has_url} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, const char * @var{url})
@var{info}:  node info object to test

@var{url}:  URL of the member we want to check

Tells wether a member exists with this URL. Will test both
ourselves and remote peers.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if URL is already taken, 0 if available.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_remove_by_id} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{id})
@var{info}:  node info object to modify

@var{id}:  ID of the member we want to remove

Removes a community member by ID.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if successfully removed, 0 if was not present.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_remove_by_url} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, const char * @var{url})
@var{info}:  node info object to modify

@var{url}:  URL of the member we want to remove

Removes a community member by URL.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if successfully removed, 0 if was not present.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_community_count} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  node info object to modify

Tells how many members there are in a community. This include ourselves
so this can never be 0, should at least be 1. Note that this is pretty
much the same as the nb_nodes member of dyn_info, but this one is
calculated dynamically from peer list, while the other one is updated
from time to time from game_state information.

@strong{Return value:}  number of community members, including this node (us).
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_community_reset} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  node info object to modify

Resets all peers, set community to only one member, ourselves.

@strong{Return value:}  none.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {char *} {lw6nod_info_community_get_peer_id_list_str} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  node to query

Builds a string containing all peer ids, separated by a
separator.

@strong{Return value:}  newly allocated string
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_community_set_peer_id_list_str} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, const char * @var{peer_id_list_str})
@var{info}:  node to modify

@var{peer_id_list_str}:  new value

Interprets a peer_id_list_str and puts it into the node data
structures. Note that this function won't really copy the
list, instead it will populate the dyn_info struct with
the right values.

@strong{Return value:}  none
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_community_id_without_url_map} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, lw6nod_info_community_id_callback_func_t        @var{func}, void * @var{func_data})
@var{info}:  node to process

@var{func}:  function to use as a callback

@var{func_data}:  data passed along with the function

Applies function func to all the members of the community
which have an id but not an URL...

@strong{Return value:}  none.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_dyn_info_free} (lw6nod_dyn_info_t * @var{dyn_info})
@var{dyn_info}:  the dyn info struct to free

Frees a dyn info object, to be used after a
call to @code{lw6nod_info_dup_dyn} for instance.

@strong{Return value:}  none
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6nod_info_t *} {lw6nod_info_new} (const char * @var{program}, const char * @var{version}, const char * @var{codename}, int @var{stamp}, u_int64_t @var{id}, const char * @var{url}, const char * @var{title}, const char * @var{description}, const char * @var{password}, int @var{bench}, int @var{open_relay}, int @var{uptime}, int @var{idle_screenshot_size}, void * @var{idle_screenshot_data})
@var{program}:  the program (normally it's liquidwar6)

@var{version}:  the version

@var{codename}:  the codename

@var{stamp}:  the stamp

@var{id}:  the node id

@var{url}:  the node public url

@var{title}:  the node title

@var{description}:  the node description

@var{password}:  the node password

@var{bench}:  the node bench

@var{open_relay}:  open relay or not

@var{uptime}:  uptime in seconds

@var{idle_screenshot_size}:  the size (bytes) of the image to display when game is idle

@var{idle_screenshot_data}:  the data (jpeg) of the image to display when game is idle

Creates a node info object. The arguments correspond to the immutable node
attributes, other properties such as how many players are connected or
set in other functions like @code{lw6nod_info_update} which can be called later.

@strong{Return value:}  newly allocated object, NULL on error.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_free} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info to free

Frees a node info object.

@strong{Return value:}  none
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_lock} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info to lock

Locks a node info object, this is usefull for some members, typically
list of servers, can be accessed by separated threads, one reading, 
many writing, and these objects (chained lists) certainly do not
want to be modified while being read.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if ok, 0 if not.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_unlock} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info to unlock

Unlocks a node info object, this is the compation of
the @code{lw6nod_info_lock} function.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if ok, 0 if not.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_idle} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info to modify

Clears a node info object and sets all its variable attributes
to NULL/default values. This is what we want when the node is idle,
not playing.

@strong{Return value:}  none.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_update} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, u_int64_t @var{community_id}, int @var{round}, const char * @var{level}, int @var{required_bench}, int @var{nb_colors}, int @var{max_nb_colors}, int @var{nb_cursors}, int @var{max_nb_cursors}, int @var{nb_nodes}, int @var{max_nb_nodes}, const char * @var{peer_id_list}, int @var{game_screenshot_size}, void * @var{game_screenshot_data})
@var{info}:  the node info to update

@var{community_id}:  the id of the community the node belongs to

@var{round}:  the current round (can have an offset with real round number)

@var{level}:  the name of the current level (map)

@var{required_bench}:  the bench required to connect

@var{nb_colors}:  number of colors playing

@var{max_nb_colors}:  max number of colors allowed

@var{nb_cursors}:  number of cursors playing

@var{max_nb_cursors}:  max number of cursors allowed

@var{nb_nodes}:  number of nodes playing

@var{max_nb_nodes}:  max number of nodes allowed

@var{peer_id_list}:  list of peers ids, can be NULL

@var{game_screenshot_size}:  size of screenshot (bytes)

@var{game_screenshot_data}:  screenshot data (byte buffer, contains JPEG)

Set a node info object variable attributes. Call this whenever
the node has changed some parameter. Not too often for it's not
needed and some operations such as modying the screenshot,
can be time consuming.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if OK, 0 if error.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6nod_dyn_info_t *} {lw6nod_info_dup_dyn} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info containing the dyn info to duplicate

Extracts the dynamic part of an info struct and duplicates
it, this is to avoid protection fault error when concurrent
threads access this info.

@strong{Return value:}  newly allocated object, must be freed.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6sys_hash_t *} {lw6nod_info_new_discovered_nodes} ()

Creates a new hash, to be used as a discovered nodes list.
Using this function has the
advantage of setting the hash options to their defaults.
We use a hash to avoid having uselessly long lists containing
always the same node due to multiple detections.

@strong{Return value:}  an empty hash
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_add_discovered_node} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, const char * @var{public_url})
@var{info}:  the node info to update

@var{public_url}:  the address of the discovered node

Registers a new server, and queues it as something that should
be checked later because it's interesting. We can't insert in the
database all the servers we suspect to exist so network threads 
should use this, then main thread will process discovered servers
afterwards. This is also a good way to avoid trivial DOS attacks.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if OK, O if error.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6sys_list_t *} {lw6nod_info_pop_discovered_nodes} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info})
@var{info}:  the node info to query

Returns a list of all discovered nodes (their public URL)
and empties the current queue as well.

@strong{Return value:}  a list of dynamically allocated strings.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {lw6sys_list_t *} {lw6nod_info_new_verified_nodes} ()

Creates a new list, to be filled with nodes and typically passed
to @code{lw6nod_info_set_verified_nodes}. Using this function has the
advantage of setting the listh options to their defaults.

@strong{Return value:}  an empty list
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_info_set_verified_nodes} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, lw6sys_list_t * @var{list})
@var{info}:  the node info to modify

@var{list}:  the list of verified nodes, will be freed by this function

Sets the list of verified nodes, that is, the list of nodes
we are sure to exist, this is typically the list we will
display later on a web page. We can't directly display
any discovered node, one needs to filter them through main thread.
Something very important about this function is that @code{list} will
be freed by function, that is, if you call this, then you can
(you should) forget your object, it will disappear any time soon.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if OK, 0 on error.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {void} {lw6nod_info_map_verified_nodes} (lw6nod_info_t * @var{info}, lw6sys_list_callback_func_t @var{func}, void * @var{func_data})
@var{info}:  the node info concerned

@var{func}:  the function to apply

@var{func_data}:  arbitrary pointer holding data to pass to function

Calls @code{lw6sys_hash_map} with @code{func} on every member of the list of verified
nodes. The reason there's a function for this is that it is
very important that list object is locked when doing this.
This function does perform a lock/unlock so it is safe.

@strong{Return value:}  none.
@end deftypefun

@deftypefun {int} {lw6nod_test} (int @var{mode})
@var{mode}:  0 for check only, 1 for full test

Runs the @code{nod} module test suite.

@strong{Return value:}  1 if test is successfull, 0 on error.
@end deftypefun

