@subsection player1-control
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player1-control=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER1_CONTROL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player1-control}
Type: string

Default value: mouse

Control for the first player, must be mouse, keyboard, joystick1, joystick2 or
custom.
@end deffn

@subsection player1-name
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player1-name=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER1_NAME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player1-name}
Type: string

Default value: <username>

Name of the first player, the player used by default. A default value is
provided, you can of course, change it at will.
@end deffn

@subsection player1-status
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player1-status=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER1_STATUS}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player1-status}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

Status of the first player, true if player is activated, false if idle.
@end deffn

@subsection player2-control
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player2-control=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER2_CONTROL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player2-control}
Type: string

Default value: keyboard

Control for the second player, must be mouse, keyboard, joystick1, joystick2
or custom.
@end deffn

@subsection player2-name
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player2-name=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER2_NAME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player2-name}
Type: string

Default value: player2-<hostname>

Name of the second player. A default value is provided, you'll certainly want
to change it.
@end deffn

@subsection player2-status
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player2-status=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER2_STATUS}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player2-status}
Type: boolean

Default value: true

Status of the second player, true if player is activated, false if idle.
@end deffn

@subsection player3-control
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player3-control=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER3_CONTROL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player3-control}
Type: string

Default value: joystick1

Control for the third player, must be mouse, keyboard, joystick1, joystick2 or
custom.
@end deffn

@subsection player3-name
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player3-name=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER3_NAME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player3-name}
Type: string

Default value: player3-<hostname>

Name of the third player. A default value is provided, you'll certainly want
to change it.
@end deffn

@subsection player3-status
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player3-status=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER3_STATUS}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player3-status}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

Status of the third player, true if player is activated, false if idle.
@end deffn

@subsection player4-control
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player4-control=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER4_CONTROL}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player4-control}
Type: string

Default value: joystick2

Control for the fourth player, must be mouse, keyboard, joystick1, joystick2
or custom.
@end deffn

@subsection player4-name
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player4-name=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER4_NAME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player4-name}
Type: string

Default value: player4-<hostname>

Name of the fourth player. A default value is provided, you'll certainly want
to change it.
@end deffn

@subsection player4-status
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--player4-status=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_PLAYER4_STATUS}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{player4-status}
Type: boolean

Default value: false

Status of the fourth player, true if player is activated, false if idle.
@end deffn

