@subsection about
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--about=<value>}
Type: string

Will allow you to get informations about a given keyword. Let's say that, for
instance, you want informations about the keyword 'map-path'. Simply run
'liquidwar6 --about=map-path'. Note that this internal self-documentation
system can describe command line switches as well as XML config file
parameters or environment variables, and even some Guile script functions. The
'--list' command line switch will give you the list of all available keywords.
@end deffn

@subsection audit
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--audit}
Display all path values, defaults and current settings. This output is very
usefull to track down problems such as missing directories, broken
installations. If you get an error message that suggests some file is missing,
then give this option a try.
@end deffn

@subsection copyright
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--copyright}
Returns the copyright notice for the program.
@end deffn

@subsection credits
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--credits}
Gives hopefully extensive information on who contributed to the game.
@end deffn

@subsection debug
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--debug}
Enables debug mode. This will turn on maximum log information, and display
everything on stderr, even messages which are normally only stored in the log
file.
@end deffn

@subsection defaults
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--defaults}
Clears the config file and run the game with default settings. Use this if you
suspect you have broken something by tweaking user settings, or when upgrading
the game to a new version.
@end deffn

@subsection help
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--help}
Returns a short help for the program.
@end deffn

@subsection host
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--host}
Display all known system host properties, including os and cpu informations.
@end deffn

@subsection list
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--list}
Returns the list of all keywords which can be queried for information. This
includes command-line options, environment variables, and so on. This is the
companion option of '--about'. Results obtained with '--list' can be passed to
'--about'.
@end deffn

@subsection modules
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--modules}
Tells which modules have been enabled when the game was compiled. It's still
possible to add or remove modules afterwards, but this option allows you to
know how things were at first.
@end deffn

@subsection pedigree
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--pedigree}
Display all build values, these are general constants which can help
debugging, tracing what binary you are running, and so on. It's a good idea to
take a look at the output of 'pedigree' if you have problems running the game.
@end deffn

@subsection test
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--test}
Runs a (hopefully) complete test suite which will call most internal Liquid
War 6 functions and check out wether they work, in a simple context, without
any game interference. Usefull for troubleshooting.
@end deffn

@subsection version
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--version}
Returns the version of the program, as defined by the GNU Coding Standards.
@end deffn

