@subsection ambiance-exclude
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--ambiance-exclude=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_AMBIANCE_EXCLUDE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{ambiance-exclude}
Type: string

Default value: 

If this string is present in a music file name, this file won't be played
during the menus, it will be excluded from the list.
@end deffn

@subsection ambiance-file
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--ambiance-file=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_AMBIANCE_FILE}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{ambiance-file}
Type: string

Default value: 

A music file which will be used to be played during the menus. If not found,
game will fallback on random files.
@end deffn

@subsection ambiance-filter
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--ambiance-filter=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_AMBIANCE_FILTER}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{ambiance-filter}
Type: string

Default value: Chadburn

A music filter, used to select the files which are played while navigating in
the menus. It works like 'music-filter' except this one is not related to a
peculiar map. This is not a complex regex-enabled filter, just a plain string
search. Even the '*' wildcard won't work.
@end deffn

@subsection fx-volume
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--fx-volume=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_FX_VOLUME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{fx-volume}
Type: float

Default value: 0.3
Min value: 0
Max value: 1

Set the sound effects volume. This is a floating point value. 0 is mute.
Maximum value is 1.
@end deffn

@subsection music-volume
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--music-volume=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_MUSIC_VOLUME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{music-volume}
Type: float

Default value: 0.6
Min value: 0
Max value: 1

Set the music volume.This is a floating point value. 0 is mute. Maximum value
is 1.
@end deffn

@subsection snd-backend
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--snd-backend=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_SND_BACKEND}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{snd-backend}
Type: string

Default value: ogg

Sets the sound backend AKA 'snd' to use. Can be 'ogg' or 'csound' but only
'ogg' will produce sound in the current release.
@end deffn

@subsection water-volume
@deffn {Command-line option} @code{--water-volume=<value>}
@deffnx {Environment variable} @code{LW6_WATER_VOLUME}
@deffnx {XML key} @code{water-volume}
Type: float

Default value: 0.2
Min value: 0
Max value: 1

Set the volume for water sounds. This is a floating point value. 0 is mute.
Maximum value is 1.
@end deffn

